1.  block level elements are blocks or box in html they take take new place on the page 
    they contain other blocks example is div , p .
    inline block as they sound they are elements inside elements but they can also contain 
    elements inside them but they don't start a new place in the page just take place inside 
    the elements they in him as much they need example  is  ul .
    inline elements do not create new block  the just on other block level or inline elements 
    example for this is a ,span , em 

2.  is a declaration we put on at the top of html file it tell us with version of html we use 

3.  the css box model give us the option to control how html elements present on the page by size 
    width or any other design , padding is used to make space between the content and the limit of the 
    border in the elements , margin is used to make space around the elements box from other elements

4.  responsive web design is a way to make website that work on any size of screen that mean if the 
    screen is big or small the font will change by that to make the user nice expirence.
    principles of responsive web are many things like we prefer to use % because is will change the font 
    by the size of the screen instade use px the will keep the size no matter what the size of the screen
    and we use em rem for change text size and we also need to think in small screen what data is important 
    and what not and if the user use small screen maybe we need to show him the important data 

5.  px ,it is tell how many pixel elements gets and in not change 
    % , when we use that the elements gets present of size of father elements
    em , use to get the font size fo the nearest parent element 
    rem , it is like em but it refernce to the root elements 

6.  position and display control how elements looks like in the page.
    position we can put static this is the dufalut value ,relative they get position relative to the normal position 
    in the document you can use the top bottom left and right to change him without effect other elements, 
    absolute they have absolute position the refernce to their parent , sticky based on the user scroll we can scroll 
    until we get to their limit they stick containing elements 

8.  class used to group many elements and give them the same style element can have many class we want 
    id use to control style of one element every element has just one id 

9.  first of all span in inline element and div is block element 
    span use to give inline element style and div give to all the inline elements inside him the same style

10. semantic html elements are elements that have porpce in their data we use them to imporove our code 
    for example header is element represents a group of elements that we usully put in the top of every page 
    nav element that present the section page 

11. they give us option to put content before and after element like before every h1 element we put #henyair 

12. scss it is like css but with super powers it has more functions and it can dot more things
    in scss you can difaine values and use them like color or size
    in scss when you want to write style to nested elements you can write is in the same separate 
    in scss you have more function and you can create on your on if you want 
    


